📝Add the ScriptTask Documentation (#15)
atlas-engine/ContributionGuidelines: docs/getting_started/bpmn_elements/script_task.md

# Script Task

A Script Task can be used to let the AtlasEngine execute a snippet of

> JavaScript Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Script Task can be used to let the AtlasEngine execute a snippet of JavaScript Code.
```

![script_task](images/script_task/script_task.svg)‚

Each Script Task has the following properties:
- `Id`: A unique identifier by which the Script Task can be identified throughout

>   the Process Model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Id`: A unique identifier by which the Script Task can be identified throughout the Process Model.
```

> - `Name`: A descriptive name which explains what the script does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Name`: A descriptive name which explains what the Script Task does.
```

- `Script`: The script to execute. Must be a valid NodeJS script.

## Example

One useful example about what a Script Task can be used for is mapping the token
values from preceding tasks.
For Example if you want to make some input received from a Service Task humanly readable.

![script_task_example](images/script_task/script_task_example.svg)

You can also use token expressions with the scripts.

![token_example](images/script_task/token_example.png)

The script displayed here uses `token.current` to get the value from the preceding
`Get Work Hours from Database` task and places it in a variable named `workHours`.
Additionally, the value from the task `Get Users from database` is accessed
through `token.history.get_users` and written into a variable named `users`.

> The result will be a JSON with the properties `users` and `workHours`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script displayed here uses `token.current` to get the value from the preceding
`Get Work Hours from Database` task and places it in a variable named `workHours`.

Additionally, the value from the task `Get Users from database` is accessed
through `token.history.get_users` and written into a variable named `users`.

The result will be a JSON with the properties `users` and `workHours`.
```

# Script Task

A Script Task can be used to let the AtlasEngine execute a snippet of
JavaScript Code.

![script_task](images/script_task/script_task.svg)‚

Each Script Task has the following properties:
- `Id`: A unique identifier by which the Script Task can be identified throughout
  the Process Model.
- `Name`: A descriptive name which explains what the script does.
- `Script`: The script to execute. Must be a valid NodeJS script.

One useful example about what a Script Task can be used for is mapping the token
values from preceding tasks.
For Example if you want to make some input received from a Service Task humanly readable.

## Example

![script_task_example](images/script_task/script_task_example.svg)

You can also add token expressions to the scripts.

![token_example](images/script_task/token_example.png)

As you can see in the example above, the current token value can be accessed
by using the `token.current` expression. The complete token history can be
read with the `token.history` expression.

> The script's result will also be used as the result for the Script Task.

Reviewer: Token Expressions werden in einer gesonderten Sektion bereits erklärt, ich würd das hier nur grob anschneiden und mich stattdessen auf das konzentrieren, was der Task hier machen soll.

```suggestion
The script displayed here uses `token.current` to get the value from the preceding `Get Work Hours from Database` task and places it in a variable named `workHours`.
Additionally, the value from the task `Get Users from database` is accessed through `token.history.get_users` and written into a variable named `users`.

The result will be a JSON with the properties `users` and `workHours`.
```

# Script Task

> A ScriptTask can be used to let the AtlasEngine execute a snippet of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Script Task can be used to let the Atlas Engine execute a snippet of
```

> A ScriptTask can be used to let the AtlasEngine execute a simple script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ScriptTask can be used to let the AtlasEngine execute a snippet of JavaScript Code.
```

JavaScript Code.

![script_task](images/script_task/script_task.svg)‚

> Each ScriptTask has the following properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each Script Task has the following properties:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   the Process Model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Id`: A unique identifier by which the Script Task can be identified throughout
  the Process Model.
```

- `Id`: A unique identifies, which identifies the ScriptTask inside the

>   ProcessModel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Id`: A unique identifier by which the Script Task can be identified throughout the Process Model.
```

> One useful example about what a Script Task can be used for, is mapping the token

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One useful example about what a Script Task can be used for is mapping the token
```

>   must be provided as an ECMA Script (such as JavaScript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Script`: The script to execute. Must be a valid NodeJS script.
```

values from preceding tasks.

> I.e., if you want to make some input received from a Service Task humanly readable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to make some input received from a Service Task humanly readable.
```

message will be printed to the console of the connected AtlasEngine.

> 

Reviewer: Wo seh ich hier ein Hello World?

```suggestion
```

Author: Der Absatz ist wohl noch übrig geblieben.

> ## Modifying the Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

Inside the ScriptTask, you can easily modify the current token value. This can

> for example be used to map input data from a UserTask to something else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One useful example about what a Script Task can be used for, is mapping the token values from preceding tasks.
I.e., if you want to make some input received from a Service Task humanly readable. 
```

Reviewer 2: Du hast diese Suggestion glaube ich scheinbar nicht ganz richtig umgesetzt. Die sollte statt den Einleitungssatz in die Example Section.

> ![register_user](images/script_task/register_user_example.svg)

Reviewer: Würd hier auch eher einen Prozess darstellen, der etwas mapped, was von einem externen System empfanen wurde; sprich von einem Service Task.

Wenn ich Ergebnisse eines User Tasks erst mappen muss, würd ich eher vermuten, mit dem User Task stimmt was nicht. :wink: 
Würd sowas bauen wie "Service Task: Get User Profile" => "Script Task: Make Data humanly readable" => "User Task: Display Profile".

You can access some of the tokens property by the magic `token` variable. Its either
possible to access the current token value by using `token.current` or the whole
token history by using `token.history`
* The token history is represented as a dictionary, where the key is the `task_id`
  of each executed Task and the value is the tasks return value.

A ScriptTask's return value is also the new token value, after the ScriptTask was

> executed.

Reviewer: Sowas wie "magic" bitte in User Manuals vermeiden.

Anstelle des Texts würd ich hier auch einfach ein Screenshot von einem Script machen, den du im BPMN Studio im Property Panel geschrieben hast.
Einmal mit `token.current` und einmal mit `token.history.whatever`.

```suggestion
You can also add token expressions to the scripts.

The script's result will also be used as the result for the Script Task.
```

```ts
You can also add token expressions to the scripts.

// Hier das Beispielbild einsetzen.

The script's result will also be used as the result for the Script Task.
```
